Add links for DXF (#17522)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-add-index.md

The `ALTER TABLE.. ADD INDEX` statement adds an index to an existing table. This operation is online in TiDB, which means that neither reads or writes to the table are blocked by adding an index.

> The [TiDB Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF)](/tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md) can be used to speed up the operation of this statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Tip:**
>
> The [TiDB Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF)](/tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md) can be used to speed up the operation of this statement.
```

> The [`TiDB Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF)`](/tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md) can be used to speedup the operation of this statement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [`TiDB Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF)`](/tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md) can be used to speed up the operation of this statement.
```
